Musumi
We grew up wearing those昼 10ين Kawaii's and the same styles.
The analyse is wavey with simple adjustments.
Aiba, aiba, and a new song
I can't say it, but it's in my heart
I like the complaints that make me happy when I hear it
That's right
Whether it's a mountain, a river, a rain, or a wind
If you keep going, what is it?
Thank you for your hard work and singing
Aiba, aiba, and a new song
I like the complaints that make me happy when I hear it
That's right
Whether it's a mountain, a river, or a rain,
If you keep going, what is it?
Thank you for your hard work and singing
That's right
Whether it's a mountain, a river, or a wind
If you keep going, what is it?
Whether it's a river, or a rain,
It's a completely different kind of
I like the complaints that make me happy when I hear it
That's right
Whether it's a mountain, a river, or a rain,
If you keep going, what is it?